There is another place where we all want to work with a and that allows us to edit the posts.
And that is here under admen dynamic post ID here I want to read and edit posts and that of course means
I can simply load the post into my post for him.
So in that component here all create a template with some depth that could be admen post page so that
could be to see us as colossi I mean.
And now I want to have my update for him in there so I will add a section which says update for him
and in there I want to basically have the same form as in the new post component and page.
I just want to maybe change the caption of the save button but even that would be optional.
One big difference of course is that I want to load a post into the forum which should be edited but
there are ways to achieve this.
So let's create a new component the components folder maybe under a new folder named admen where admin
related components should go in there.
I will add the admin host forum view file.
The name is up to you as always but in this file I want to store this form code we created in the last
lecture.
So I'll add a template here and now I will just go to the index that you file in the new post folder
and grab the anti-reform from there.
Cut it out and now move it into the admin.
Post forum template.
Just like that.
Now of course we all need to bring the methods that handle saving and cancelling.
So let's go back to the index that you follow.
We will also WIPs this one.
We will also need the imports.
So essentially I can't just copy the entire script section from the index file to my admin post form
just like that here.
With that we can go back to the index that you found in your post file and adjust our imports.
We only need one import which now points to admin post form.
So to add a new component we just create it which you can find under admin admin post form.
So the Potthast components admin and then admin Post forum.
I only need to register this in my components here then and I actually don't need the data anymore for
now so I'll get rid of my data property here.
I also don't need the methods in this file anymore at least not right now because we are having them
in the admin post him and now I can just include admin post form like this with this change in place
we can go to the dynamic route admin post ID where I also want to use that add a script section so that
I can import add and post form from at component's admin admin post form and just it here in the components
property object.
So here and now just included in this section admin host forum.
Just like get now as I said the one difference will be that we're here we want to load a post into this
forum so therefore I'll actually add my data method to this view component here.
Data return an object and then there let's say we have a loaded post and we will later of course all
the dynamically fetched it from a server.
Now that loaded post should be the post one that will edit and for that let's provide a javascript object
where we have an offer all enter my name here.
Feel free to use yours of course.
A title like my awesome post.
The content which is super amazing.
Thanks for that.
And then the thumbnail link which can be the default link we use and all the other pages too.
So which we can find in our posts list.
Therefore of course you can pick a different link though.
So I will enter this as a thumbnail link so in the string here and with that we get a loaded post.
Now the admin post for our reuseable form component should simply accept this.
So to do that I'll bind a post property year to my loaded post.
That of course requires some adjustments in the admin post for him because by default it doesn't except
as it doesn't know what to do with that.
So let's go to the admin Post forum here and in there.
Let's now accept some props so I will go to my javascript object here and add my props key so that I
can register props we can work with.
And there it could have my post object where to type shouldn't b object which is not required though.
And therefore set to False.
Now the only thing I want to do is I want to initialize my data with that post object.
You might get from the outside we might get if it is available.
So edit that post will actually check if this post is true ish.
So if it is a stair if it is an object in which case I want to create a new object which is based on
the incoming object and for that I can use the spread operator which will just pull out all the properties
of the bound posts of the object we're receiving and pass them into a new object.
Otherwise I will bind this to a default object which can be the default object we had before.
So let's restructure just as DLC case after the colon the case if we have a post is that I pull it out
like this is to spread operator and does it just using a ternary expression.
Where does our conditionally check.
This is the case or the code we execute if the condition is true.
So if we got a post and if we got in on then we'll initialize everything with this default object now
with that in place.
Let's go back to our application to the admin area.
Let's create a post nice and that's now ensured that we all can edit up posts by clicking on it.
The problem cestus right now if we click on a post we go to the single post page for every user.
Now we need to go to admin slash post ID if we are the admin and we can simply enable this by going
to post list to the post list component in the posts folder in the components folder.
And by adding a property here so prop's is admin would be a fitting name and here the type is a Boolean
because it should be true or false and the default is false.
If it is true however so if we set this then I want to adjust my links.
Now the links are not in this component but in the post preview component.
So what I will do is I will simply pass this information down.
I'll add is admen equal to is admen.
And if you're wondering where this dash is coming from this is an alternative syntax if you automatic
The gives you.
If your property is is admen in camel case you can also binded by adding a dash between the different
words and it is recommended that you use this approach.
That is what you find in the official you style guide.
But back to what we're doing.
I'm just passing down the admin information to post preview so I will also add it as a prop here is
admen although it is a Boolean here.
And here it actually is required.
We can require it here.
Let's set this to true true because we're always passing information from the post list because we have
a default value there which is false.
So post preview gets the information and now that adjusts our link here I will calculate the link with
the computed property so I will add computed the normal view computed property feature and dare I want
to have my post the link computed property which returns the link want to go to and here I check if
this is admen is true in which case we return slash adman's slash dis ID.
Otherwise return slash posts plus this ID and post link is what it will now use in my template.
Here in the tool section.
With that if we save everything we can go back to our admin index page where we have that list of posts
and they simply pass is admen like this which will set it to true.
Now if I save this and reload my admin posts list and I click on a post we actually go to the post form
with the posts pre-filled into it.
If I'm on the block though and I click on a post I'm only single block post page and not in the admin
area so that is already a great improvement with that all I want to do is just add some styling to my
new post and my edit posts so the post ID pages by adding the style section and scoping it and then
in there in the new post in the fall.
I provided two styles attached to this with you which you can add these here and then in the post ID
page here.
I also provide certain styles you can add this style block here.
Now all that does is really restrict the width so that if we added a post this looks nicer now here.
And with that we're almost done.
There is more we can do though especially here in the admin area.
Let's take a closer look at what this is in the next lecture.